# 2-3-2025, Monday

## Intro and Thoughts

This is my first day of journaling for quite sometime, I realize that this is a important activity for me to do daily,
but also I must not over do it. the first thing I have to do is to figure out some kind of format and rules
on how to do this,

rules

1. must be daily morning, which events are done yesterday, its more of a reflection of yesterday
2. must be done also during on planning
3. must not be a chore, must be short and fun to make

format

1. Into and thoughts - this is like the above, just an intro and some thoughts
2. Activities - bullet unordered list of notable activity for yesterday, this can be accomplishment or just an activity, also it doesnt have to be in order
3. Learnings - list of learning for yesterday
4. Habit Reflection - chekc your habit list and reflect on it
5. Planning - write your thoughts on planning on how you can achieve your goals and task, this planning needs to be coordinated with task notes and todoist

steps

1. Create Journal
2. Planning
3. Copy Planning to goals-task or to instructions.
4. Save to Github

I think these rules and formats are easy to follow.

I realize that Im the type of person that needs direction and organization to truly function. I dont know what its called
but I just have to live with this and learn of to be the best person I can be.

Now I will attempt to follow the above rules and format

## Activities

1. yesterday was sunday and I had to mix work with family time
2. woke up suprisingly early 5am
3. started working on dd-wrt linux installation - which is not the best use of my time, but I just love doing it, I should have more self control
   and work on more important things but then again what are those? thus I need this journaling and planning system to be on track
4. went for a mani pedi with vicky at ayala district - just had to do this, I got a really rest because of this
5. worked again after we arrived at home
6. Vicky's parents also surprise us with a visit during mass
7. they brought mikee with them after lunch and returned him around 5pm
8. Played with mikee and brought him to sleep around 9pm
9. requested birth certificate and marriage certificate at PSA online
10. created check list for China, Korea and Japan Visa

## Learnings

1. I realized I am most productive when I have a order and direction on my life

## Planning

### Warehouse Sibulan

#### Filling Materials

1. I chat judy on picture of plastering at sibulan warehouse and Im fairly pleased with the job
2. I confirmed to him the filling material price which is cheap with the kapitan of Looc. 1,500.00 per 4 cubic load.
3. I also need to contact another supplier for the equipement.
4. I need to create billing first to secure the budget

#### Structural Analysis

1. already paid them for down payment of 5k each, 5k for strucural engineer and 5k for drafts man
2. need to follow up them for the structural Analysis
3. Eng. update me that He received the drawings

### Billing

1. I need to create these billing today - taj house extra works and vercon marketing cabinet works

### Create List of monthly bills

1. BDO monthly loan payment
2. BPI monthly loan payments -
3. Pag-ibig loan payments - Every 15th of the month
4. Boston loan payments - Every 7th of the month
5. Boston loan payments - Every 19th of the month
6. Security Bank Credit Card - Every 2nd of the month
7. BDO Credit Card - Every 13th of the month
8. BPI Credit Card - Every 27th of the month
9. Shopee monthly payments - Every 5th of the month
10. Globe Post Paid - Every 26th of the month
11. Globe House Internet - Every 5th of the month
12. Water - Every End of Month
13. Electricity - Every End of Month

_bills that needs to be paid today_

1. Security Bank Credit Card - P25,000.00
2. pag-ibig loan - P4,046.38
3. BDO loan
4. Shopee - 3,846.08 - paid
5. Globe Post Paid - P649.00 paid
6. Globe House Internet - P1,899.00 paid
7. Negros Power - 12,036.40 - paid

### Journal and Planning System

1. this system will be my 2nd brain and one that can organize my life and make me more productive with less stress and more time with family
2. this will be a daily activity I should have a guiding principle
3. Find the best plugin for journal and note taking on nvim
4. also find a way to auto save this on github

_Guiding Principle_

1. Goals should be smart
   S - Specific, well-defined, focuses on what to accomplish, ask: what, why, who, where and which
   M - Measurable, progress can be tracked
   A - Achievable, realistic and attainable given your resources, skills, and constraints
   R - Relevant, aligns with overall objectives, values and long-term plans
   T - Time-bound, must have specific deadline or timeline for completion
2. Goals and Task should be writtin , thus the importance of this journaling system

_Plugins_

1. Table Creation of md plugin
2. Journaling plugin
3. Obsidian plugin
