# 2-4-2025, Tuesday

## Intro and Thoughts

Yesterday was a very productive day, It was was the first day I started this journaling system of mine. I will do everything of my power to do this everyday and follow my own rules and format for this. My lack of sleep from the previous night
gave me a very tired mind on the afternoon and on the evening. I was tired but not too tired. I also have this headache that made be decide that if I have to be productive for the next day that I should sleep early. Thankfully Vicky is Okay with it
and supported me with that decision and was the one who put mikee to sleep. To my surprise vicky put mikee to sleep around 8:30pm which I was even awake at that time. So I realize if my spend time with mikee and the kids early they will also sleep early
so giving me more time to work. Interresting, I think I can make this work. I can attachieve my goals in life at the same time give my kids the time and presence that they deserve. I win the day I must wake up early but I cant because I need to
spend time with me kids. So I have to spend time with them early when my brain is not so productive and sleep early to work early in the morning when my brain is productive. I of course I have to spend my time also to my wife

## Activities

1. work on new journaling and planning system
2. created plans
3. bought materials from Hesun for House project
4. contacted Judy regarding sibulan WH works
5. Ordered cement for Sibulan WH
6. Good news from eng dickson, he received the drawings for new structural analysis
7. Paid my utilities bills, Negros Power, Globe Bills
8. Paid Security Bank Credit Card

## Reflections

1. cant balance my account on alice needs 2 new forms. Loans and Employee's Benefits
2.

## Planning

### Monthly Bills

add to bills

1. nikki - 5,000.00
